everybody welcome extra line plays a
binding of issac entry plus there was a
very very very small backlog and as a
result there has been a new booster pack
which I'm looking at right now
booster bag booster pack - afterbirth
plus jump - booster pack - the second
booster pack was released on May 12th
contains six new items one who drink it
and miscellaneous changes so I'm not
going to look up what the new items do
but I know that angel rooms are now
considered better let me close the wiki
here anyway we're doing a daily so it's
possible we'll see none of it it's
possible we'll see a ton of it looks
like today's daily goes to mom's foot
the highest score was 46,000 which
indicates certainly that person found a
way past where the heck is Isaac baby oh
the scores of maybe the scores have
adjusted somewhat because I've gone a
little bit up on the leaderboards
latinum II we've been 55 seconds here
just talking this let's get on with it
last daily was my may 11 to 6 to one
point zero one percentile I believe that
was the one where I made a protest by
fighting delirium and then trying to the
International jump day what is Saturday
May 13th day no not 72 okay it's a
Saturday 72 things to do with Metro
Vancouver on Saturday May 13th is too
late it's like 9:26 p.m. I just got back
from Redmond Washington either way we
got thunder thighs we got a horrible
speed that is made slightly better by
that speed uphill ooh
[Music]
does how to jump do that or is is that
how to jump like thunder thighs combo
I've presently been unaware of because
if so that's pretty dope and we should
be using that like all the time as long
as it doesn't get us literally killed
I'll be pretty happy and actually how to
jump does a good job of not really
requiring high speed now we do have
crystal labyrinth so we have to make
sure that we don't muck it up too badly
because if we take red hard damage we're
going to be in a tight spot but really
I'm just going to try to like wound
we thing and then one or two shots even
with relatively poor damage should get
the kill this is an interesting daily
good stuff we'll break that pot or at
least we should break that pot this I
mean it's super overpowered to basically
be able to have unlimited bombs combined
with the functionality of how to jump is
pretty incredible you know we do know
now our secret room will not be adjacent
here we should be very very cautious our
secret room will not be adjacent to that
curse room so if we want to get into the
cursor and we should pick up a spirit
heart or alternatively wait until we
finish with getting the deal of the
devil on this one right I don't need to
jump into things we have thunder thighs
we could even just walk into them you
can just walk over it so here's an
interesting one do you take not wheel of
fortune do you take this man to be your
lawfully wedded husband
do you take small rock I mean there's
great positives about it that are very
obvious everybody knows these positives
let's be a hipster and talk about the
negatives our speed has been modified so
our new speed would be terrible
we'd probably we might just be back at
0.45 but that's still pretty bad the
other thing worth noting is that we need
to kill these guys the other thing worth
noting is that we do compensate for that
we could just jump around like non-stop
but I kind of worry about the long-term
viability of that I think we're pretty
lucky to have not been hit there if I'm
being honest with you
and I tend to be luck up of course so I
didn't even see you there what do we
want I think we want to reroll these
we're doing fine on time by the way so
don't sweat that but think we want to
reroll these and if we're going to
re-roll we might as well just jump
around we really wanted to we might even
consider jumping up jumping up and then
getting down
so we're going to go until we see
something we want restock is something
we would like okay so then we'll go into
our secret room and there's a single do
we really want to blow those up there's
a single penny in there which will allow
us to get restock so we will go back and
get restock restock gave us three red
hearts which is not my favorite in the
world tell you what let's just go to the
boss fights first I think I do see no
there's not I think - Drock up there
I think we've adjusted to this run
pretty quickly put ourselves in a decent
spot to succeed but time will tell if
that becomes the case but yeah this is
like a I've taken a little bit less of
an approach you're being zany right now
just because the daily have started a
little zany and it's kind of like come
on this is our secret room like don't
even mess with me is they Jakob don't
lie to me man ah well at least we got
second secret room potential out of that
but yeah I think we've we've adjusted
pretty well like I think this is a daily
where I have a chance to succeed I
haven't been hit at all yet I mean how
to jump makes that relatively easy to
avoid in the first place but still
definitely would have preferred to use
High Priestess on the Hans but yeah that
was like really dumb but long as we can
keep from jumping like literally right
into them we should be fine
super bandage is also great we could use
a speed upgrade definitely take that
don't take out it why would we take
sorry not how to jump why would we take
the nail here I would never take the
nail here I think I'm well obviously
going to go back to the for the curse
room we're still pretty ahead on time
0.6 speed is horrible I probably should
not take smaller rock especially
considering we got independent damage
upgrades but I'm going to take small
rock for the DPS potential speed so
hopefully is like easy to come by
I mean speed kills coming up mountain
speed kills rolling down the street
speed kills the presence of mind
and speed kills if you know what I mean
that's what Gavin Rossdale said Keanu
Reeves said the bus can't go slower than
55 miles an hour which I always I took
that as a great matter of international
treason really because we in Canada we
use the metric system and you notice
inferred Khan Khan yahay Reeves know
Keanu Reeves the canadian-american actor
I really hoped that he would have gone
to bat for us in that one and been like
I really like to what a good impression
I really like to say the measurement in
it's William Shatner now um which one of
these could help us the most probably a
karma I suppose out of all of these now
if you really trust the game you
shouldn't have done that if you really
trust the game and specifically how to
jump
you should give these a try it's not
costing us too much time
[Music]
okay but like this is madness obviously
you think he would have given it in km/h
and I know those amongst you are going
km/h that's stupid who uses that
measurement well you know like 98% of
the population of the free world but
ignoring that many amongst you or smite
Lee is slightly smaller proportion
admittedly but some amongst you are like
well if you wanted to be completely
unambiguous why don't we just use meters
per second that's the ISO unit for speed
you know what you're smarter than I am I
resent you for it but I respect you for
it as well you're right meters per
second it's a good tool it's a good
measurement what's funny is that I mean
last mentioned we were down in in
Seattle and Redmond and first off if you
ask and this is just anecdotal
experience I'm not trying to be you know
nationalistic or anything like that or
even xenophobic but my experience is
that if you tell an American that you
are from Canada they think that you took
like a jumbo jet or like a FedEx cargo
plane how was your journey are you okay
do you need like some beef jerky or
something where it's your Vancouver to
Seattle is a very pleasant two and a
half to four hundred hour drive
depending on traffic in the Seattle area
is very nice but if you ever say if
you're in you know Maine and you go oh
I'd you know
drove the North Carolina last week
everybody knows oh yes approximately
like agumon fourteen and a half hour
drive if you say you're from Vancouver
it's actually like you flew in on a
freaking spaceship that doesn't come
equipped with rearview mirrors it dips
anyway that's not a secret room
apparently but then yeah we were down
there and as soon as you cross the
border the navigation system starts
spitting out lines I would say spitting
out lies as well but that's more of a
personal thing in
cereal and it becomes very confusing
pretty quickly because you know I'm
driving along and they're like in 200
meters turn left on East Seneca Street
and I'm like
easy 200 meters you know 1/5 of a
kilometer nothing wrong with that I'm
not going to do the mile conversion in
my head because I don't want to enable
you and that is going in a in a quarter
mile turn right on Spring Street and I'm
saying
first off bitterly whip on dude but also
turn right on Spring Street in a
quarter-mile and I'm like not only are
we getting into Imperial measurements
but fractions simultaneously that's a
pretty advanced lateral move for my GPS
here I still think I mean we we hung out
King I hung out with the bear taffy and
his wife who is called wife taffy not in
real life so you know what I mean we got
it like speed up as well like just well
I'm saying this anecdote keep that in
mind that I'm also feeling the intense
pressure of time here but I don't know
where I was going with that there was a
there is meant to be an anecdote there
we were driving with them the anecdote
is very simple it's not a good story and
I regret bringing it up but the only
thing worse than bringing up a bad story
is going as don't forget about that
story's bad but you know you're driving
and you know the GPS was given us
coordinates and imperial and I was like
these don't make any sense that's the
end of the story there's really no
punchline
believe you me I tried to manufacture a
punchline as quickly as I could it just
does not exist so I'm sorry about that
we did an escape room when we were there
if you're not familiar with the concept
an escape room is a cooperative
team-building exercise where you go into
a room and they lock you in there and
it's a business and inside of the room
are a series of puzzles that lead you to
eventually being able to solve the
greatest puzzle of all which is how to
get out of the room so think of it you
know it's like a big old puzzle game you
get an hour to complete I'm ashamed to
say that we lost at the escape room but
I am very pleased to say that we crushed
it we were nobody was at each other's
throats hello
what the hell
what are we doing what is this
so temporarily we were like a demon and
that was sick I would like to go back to
demon land please because I think maybe
our speed would have been better and now
it's gone alright so I have no idea what
that was but hopefully that wasn't the
scene when we finished it we were two
puzzle shy of finishing it and we had
really solved some good puzzles over the
courses I'm talking like we did some
smart stuff I was very impressed
especially because fur bear and his wife
is the first escape room they'd ever
done I'm not saying Kate and I are
experts but we've done a couple before
it's not like extremely experienced but
we kind of know like alright we're
looking for hidden stuff that's going to
point the four digit in three-digit
combinations we can enter into these
locks that will give us keys and then we
enter that and you know blah blah blah
you know it's a it's a pretty simple and
repeatable process although sometimes
the puzzles are more difficult but yeah
would I was impressed with their
abilities they killed it then we
finished it and we had lost they gave us
the keys to the kingdom there I oh
here's what you need to do blah blah
blah and they're like well you didn't do
too bad this is a room designed for
twelve people why didn't you tell us
that a check-in like I'm going to have
this on my permanent record that I
failed this escape room takes my overall
effectiveness and success rate on escape
rooms that hurts me by the way in a deep
way from a to attitude with two out of
three
that's a precipitous fall three room
blow this up take the key take the
nickel forget the bombs don't forget the
key or the the nickel I should say we do
we need speed that is not speed that's
going to hurt me I have surrounded
myself with bombs that was a poor
decision on my part this daily is Godin
I wouldn't say it's gotten bad but it
certainly has not gotten great here
anyway
it was good though we had it we had a
fun time
why was I in Seattle I'm glad you asked
I hadn't found a way to shoehorn it in
yet I was writing an exam well he every
time I say I'm writing an exam Dan gets
mad at me apparently it's not the
parlance of the United States of America
and it's my job to be accommodating to
our lucky neighbors to the South who
well admittedly did let me into their
country this weekend thank you for that
American Border Patrol appreciate it
it's not like I should be disallowed no
matter how bad I am at Isaac I don't
think you should be able to go this guy
sucks at video games don't let him into
our country unless he criminally sucked
at video games then maybe but I don't
think I'm quite at that level yet
although that Judas episode of Isaac a
couple days ago might make you believe
otherwise we need this deal here but
yeah and and I'm happy to report I
passed the exam it was not a
particularly difficult exam but I did
study quite a lot for it so to get that
w felt good now what does that mean it's
essentially a piece of paper that
indicates I know how to turn unity on
and off and then manipulate objects to
some extent within it it does not mean
I'm capable of building binding of issac
after birth Plus for example but who is
who amongst us is I might not even be
capable of building this run into a win
so let's not get to above our station
here see you like I mean I can't because
we have unlimited bombs so I think I'm
just going to bypass that for now what
do you do with an emperor card an
emperor card is one of the weirdest see
like what is this okay now I'm a demon
and I don't really understand what's
going on with that but I was only a
demon temporarily there must be like
today must be international you know
look at a mere day or something like
that not international look at a mere
day a mere you deserves privacy just
like anybody else
I'll tell you what is not international
you know have a functional amount of
speed to do your run with day
but I can't help but feel that probably
first off might be a little rusty it has
been 36 hours since I played Isaac which
is a world of time and my in my universe
and then okay maybe we should also not
be jumping directly into enemies on a
regular basis and then knowing then know
there is an end then though I should
never have willfully gone down to four
speed that was a poor decision and I
live with it every day every boss I have
to lay did I say lay that's not mine
okay very good there naked ladies see
I'm I'm dealing with the struggle here
you might be able to see it for yourself
darn the struggle is can't get close to
that guy because if I get close he's
going to be able to hit me almost as
fast as I can jump not like literally as
fast but pretty darn close so we got to
be more careful
it's tough dude what do you think about
that there is a self-sacrifice room
prior to boss rush I have to think that
this is the wrong way to handle things
so the emperor card becomes a very
interesting sort of thing for us right
now I mean the luck is nice good good
jump but the emperor card becomes very
interesting for us because we could use
it to teleport but I don't really want
to what I would much rather do is use
this to make sure on the next floor that
we're able to get to our our boss rush
which I don't even really want to fight
if I'm being a hundred percent with you
guys right now if I'm being you know
straight up with you not completely
convinced we're going to be able to
crush that Gary Vaynerchuk style
my favorite k-pop song so I'm a whole
thing that we get the keys to the
kingdom here there is a teleport
somewhere now the question becomes is
the teleport the teleport on this floor
is it the boss rush that we're supposed
to go sorry not boss rush is it the
self-sacrifice room that we're going to
go to I've really functioned on a pretty
easy principle and Isaac and the
principle has been you definitely buy
this because then you double everything
else but you might want to take this
first because you don't really care
about doubling that you don't really
care about doubling taro cloth I don't
even know what that is it's a new item
moving box wow what have I done um okay
so I'm assuming that the moving box
allows us to pack up all of our items
and then dispose of them if not dispose
of them use them on another room so this
my head is already spinning with
plausible reasons for this item here
like our synergies that you could use it
with rather I'm going to blow this up is
weird like super tight on time if I got
0.4 speed and I got a freaking walk
everywhere because we created everything
I think we just diplopia and I
straight-up
think I mean maybe we could just
endlessly synergize these or something
but I think you take potato peeler and
you're freaking go nuts with it dude and
my reasoning for that is very very
simple
yeah I got a go though my reasoning for
that is very very simple
I want this meat boy to do like all the
damage in the world so I actually feel
like the right course of action is to
maybe just immediately go through to the
boss fight but we don't have a way to
get past boss rush so we would be doing
boss rush and maybe there's something to
that you know we'd be happy I guess but
how we going to get out of boss rush is
advised
Ahmir I've got no idea leave a mere out
of this and Perez I I think we should
just go to boss rush right now I'm gonna
do like one more room maybe I'm going to
try to get some skulls basically I don't
think I can necessarily beat mom that
quickly it's part of the problem for me
here but then like beyond that I need
let me put it this way if there's no
teleport we're not going to get extra
points anyway so we're not going to get
out of boss rush and we're not going to
get out of the boss fight we might as
well get boss rush points and then hope
that we get some kind of useful drop in
the interim period there I do want to
see if one of these is speed
I thought the speed pill was just white
but puberty is a good pill I don't know
I don't care that I got it I will kill
this guy just to see what we get and get
the points but okay grab this get the
heck out of here honestly and again I
don't expect this to necessarily be a
great daily now I must prefer to have
the scene by the time that I get here
we don't though so I think you know you
can only play the situation as it's
given can't look down at a doyle brunson
210 on suited and then be like Olaf I
had pocket rockets I'd love to play
aggressive right now you know it's an
academic exercise is not that productive
in the mome so here's what we're going
to do we're going to grab this and we're
gonna oh you gotta take infestation
infestation no breeding given us spiders
that cause bleeding doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo this is my phosphorus
item
shouldn't focus on that because now I
mean we have a problem in case that's
not abundantly clear we got some issues
here we're very very very slow if I
could turn back time what a tale my
thoughts would tell we have one job
right now and I don't even mean
everything I don't even mean in the you
know you had one job sort of way but
like all you had to do was follow the
damn train CJ but no we don't have to
follow the darn train okay all we got to
do here is not get hit by anything that
does double damage like not getting hit
by anything that does a full heart and
then sure I don't I don't think we're
going to find a seam I'm going to be
honest with you I think that when
today's daily ends it will just end and
that's okay I can be all right with that
dude I had not even considered the fact
that you can actually just press space
and jump in place your big disgrace
whether or not you're waving your
feather all over the place it seems like
it takes your momentum into a salad
sucks really bad it seems like it takes
your momentum into account when it
produces direction that you will be
traveling to I don't care we got a half
sphere at our back so all we need to do
is continue to get some of those we're
going to have a daily score that is
actually like bad bad it is going to be
bad not just for how did that work it's
going to be bad not just relative to the
fact that we know their scores in the
forty thousand really bad relative to
you know a normal run of this length
that much is guaranteed more or less
I don't know where I messed up though I
also have no idea what the mirrors do I
got to assume that that's like some you
know specially designed Alec cart for
today's daily only sort of stuff I still
think you're you might disagree with me
on this I still think my personal choice
for like the best change you could ever
make to dailies is to just make them all
go as far as they can go and that's a
very it's motivated by self-interest if
I'm being honest you know I tend to
hello hello I tend to perform best on
dailies that first before I go deeper
into this tangent I want to point out
thank up or who are Babylon yeah we now
have 0.7 speed which is exceptional of
course no but I think it's clear I tend
to perform best on dailies that go all
the way and today's daily I mean yeah
that's like a horrible score I mean let
me go to the reddit.com slash are slash
finding advise because now I got a chip
of my shoulder I just see what's going
on today's daily let's reveal the
secrets now that we've now that we've
done it first off as always I apologize
I'm not going to blame that on rust
taking smaller aquas a bad decision but
then I think I missed something
somewhere let's see two words can
describe this daily fun and stupid
booster pack must be interesting here
have even more breaking items fuck this
I don't know what that means but all you
need to do to win this daily is jump
that's it you can also use how to speed
the counter it counter the low-speed use
how to jump to counter the low-speed bed
is continually jumping this should
definitely been a blindfolded run I
don't know I guess that means you have
no tears man I'm looking at these scores
and I feel like a moron yep this run
teaches you how to use how to jump
how dare you say Zayn northernlion
copyrighted the word Zayn his lawyers
will be coming after you some of these
scores are amazing man I suck today I'm
looking everyone's like the stupidest
grin on my face god dammit I squandered
a fun daily this one's a my bad I take
ownership I apologize hopefully you
enjoyed the commentary and found that
can't play a nice little companion piece
there but for now thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed it if you did click the
like button help set a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time
where I will